What do you need to worry about? Retirement? Uh, they want, um you know,
there is a lot of talk right now about altering the retirement system
on going to a high three or going thio competition for a wood que,
um, you want to try to invest as much as you can for one case for
you? We started through that. It'll take care of it back also at the
back end. You know, you're going is always you go get 20 good years.
And if that's in the reserves myself, Retired reserve captain Oh,
18 years active, 12 in the reserves. So I did not get a good 20 on
my active side. I had a team, so I needed to MME. Or 12 more years
in the reserves and it was able to retire on. Now I get my pay. Um,
I planned on that. I planned on my health care. I probably could have
done a better job, something away. Money, more money towards a for
one day. So whatever you can salt away, you should try. One of the
rules of thumb was easy enough. When you get your next pay raise every
two years you're called up into a higher paying Crockett, the capital
raise Put it, Don't touch it. That that was always a good rule
of thumb.